---
layout: post
---

The August month was not much active in development. 

#### Flutter based Shurli app update :-

Some parts spent on trying to figure out how to solve a problem, and others how to correctly code the Flutter based code.

The gRPC side of the Shurli-Server is taking shape, and able to talk to Flutter based app, and next challenge for me to get the 1 way and 2 way streaming of the data via gRPC between this Flutter based Shurli app.

In traditional ways I used the web sockets libraries like sockets.io in node.js apps, and similar web sockets packages in existing proof of concept v1 Shurli application to get realtime updates of swaps status to show it's progress.



#### Golang based PoC v1 Shurli app update :-

I noticed that recently PIRATE received good amount of influx of users, and seeing the need of demand of some ways to exchange PIRATE with other cryptocurrencies in decentralised manner. And since I'm more efficient with web based apps development using Go language + HTML/Js/CSS code stack, I thought I upgrade the existing PoC v1 of Shurli to a bit further, so that it makes life of users a bit easier if they want to try it out and experience how subatomic swaps work.



Only 2-3 people who have actually tested Shurli since April-May till now have shown the need of making the setup process a bit easier to use Shurli. So, I already made a bit of enhancements in Golang based PoC Shurli app. And there are further enhancements I'm pushing to a dev branch of Shurli where it will be possible for end users:

- to generate the configuration file from the graphical interface

- and starting a GUI wallet by clicking on a button right from within Shurli's user interface.



And the code that I'm writing for this side of application should be usable in my gRPC code too which will be used by Shurli-Server for Flutter based Shurli application.

#### Written Contents for Subatomic Swaps :-

Other than that, I took a backup of existing collection of FAQs type knowledge-base replies from community.komodoplatform.com and put to our Shurli's Github Wiki, to keep that as a record or archive for later use purposes. Following are the links:

[https://github.com/Meshbits/Shurli/wiki/What-is-Subatomic-Swaps-and-how-it-fits-in-Atomic-Swaps-architecture](https://github.com/Meshbits/Shurli/wiki/What-is-Subatomic-Swaps-and-how-it-fits-in-Atomic-Swaps-architecture)

[https://github.com/Meshbits/Shurli/wiki/Why-subatomic-swaps-are-fast%3F-Differences-between-Atomic-Swaps-and-Subatomic-Swaps](https://github.com/Meshbits/Shurli/wiki/Why-subatomic-swaps-are-fast%3F-Differences-between-Atomic-Swaps-and-Subatomic-Swaps)

#### JUMBLR based on Subatomic Swaps :-

@jl777c recently laid out specification for JUMBLR implementation which involves using PIRATE + Komodo + JUMBLR + Verus's DeFi tech. The detailed conversation can be accessed from this discord link:

[https://discordapp.com/channels/412898016371015680/676136067262447633/746966652721037342](https://discordapp.com/channels/412898016371015680/676136067262447633/746966652721037342)


And a raw copy of the conversation and the specifications are also archived on Shurli's Github Wiki here:

[https://github.com/Meshbits/Shurli/wiki/%5BRAW%5D:-Combine-JUMBLR,-subatomic,-ARRR-and-VRSC-liquidity-chains-into-a-KMD-VRSC-mixer](https://github.com/Meshbits/Shurli/wiki/%5BRAW%5D:-Combine-JUMBLR,-subatomic,-ARRR-and-VRSC-liquidity-chains-into-a-KMD-VRSC-mixer)

#### Next Shurli PoC v2 Update Soon :-

I'll provide an update on PoC v2 of Shurli soon. As soon as I'll have it capable of letting user start and manage the bare basic wallet management operations from the graphical interface, including Shurli setup specific operations. I'll not wait to make it perfect and let the brave testers test soonish enough I have it coded and tested in my work environment.

[back](./)